1280928058
AUTOREQUIRES	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  AUTOREQUIRES =
AddPerishableTokenToUsers	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100530065851_add_perishable_token_to_users.rb	class AddPerishableTokenToUsers 
AddTestSentenceToUsers	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100412212238_add_test_sentence_to_users.rb	class AddTestSentenceToUsers 
ApplicationController	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Boot	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	  class Boot
BrowsingTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Bundler	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	module Bundler
Bundler	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	module Bundler
ClassMethods	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	  module ClassMethods
CreateAccounts	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100313080135_create_accounts.rb	class CreateAccounts 
CreateIdentities	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100406202620_create_identities.rb	class CreateIdentities 
CreateUsers	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100327080857_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
Dependency	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  class Dependency
DropAccount	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100407210845_drop_account.rb	class DropAccount 
ENV_LOADED	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  ENV_LOADED   =
FINGERPRINT	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  FINGERPRINT  =
Feedback	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/feedback.rb	class Feedback
FeedbackFormGenerator	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	class FeedbackFormGenerator 
FeedbackMailerTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/feedback_mailer_test.rb	class FeedbackMailerTest 
FeedbackTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/feedback_test.rb	class FeedbackTest 
FeedbacksController	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/feedbacks_controller.rb	class FeedbacksController 
FeedbacksControllerTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/feedbacks_controller_test.rb	class FeedbacksControllerTest 
FeedbacksHelper	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/feedbacks_helper.rb	module FeedbacksHelper 
Gem	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	module Gem
GemBoot	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	  class GemBoot 
HOME	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  HOME         =
HomeControllerTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	class HomeControllerTest 
HomeHelperTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/helpers/home_helper_test.rb	class HomeHelperTest 
IdentitiesController	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	class IdentitiesController 
IdentitiesControllerTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/identities_controller_test.rb	class IdentitiesControllerTest 
IdentitiesHelper	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/identities_helper.rb	module IdentitiesHelper
IdentitiesHelperTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/helpers/identities_helper_test.rb	class IdentitiesHelperTest 
Identity	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/identity.rb	class Identity 
IdentityTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/identity_test.rb	class IdentityTest 
LOCKED_BY	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  LOCKED_BY    =
Notifier	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/notifier.rb	class Notifier 
PasswordResetsController	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/password_resets_controller.rb	class PasswordResetsController 
PasswordResetsControllerTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/password_resets_controller_test.rb	class PasswordResetsControllerTest 
PasswordResetsHelper	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/password_resets_helper.rb	module PasswordResetsHelper
PasswordResetsHelperTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/helpers/password_resets_helper_test.rb	class PasswordResetsHelperTest 
RAILS_ROOT	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	RAILS_ROOT =
Rails	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	module Rails
RemoveTestSentenceFromUsers	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100418125744_remove_test_sentence_from_users.rb	class RemoveTestSentenceFromUsers 
SPECS	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  SPECS        =
SharedHelpers	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  module SharedHelpers
Specification	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  class Specification 
SslRequirement	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	module SslRequirement
SslRequirementController	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	class SslRequirementController 
SslRequirementTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	class SslRequirementTest 
TestCase	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserSession	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/user_session.rb	class UserSession 
UserSessionsController	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
UserSessionsControllerTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/user_sessions_controller_test.rb	class UserSessionsControllerTest 
UserSessionsHelper	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/user_sessions_helper.rb	module UserSessionsHelper
UserTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
VendorBoot	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	  class VendorBoot 
a	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def a
add_controller	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_controller
add_functional_test	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_functional_test
add_helper	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_helper
add_images	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_images
add_javascript	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_javascript
add_mailer	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_mailer
add_model	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_model
add_options!	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_options!
add_routes	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_routes
add_stylesheet	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_stylesheet
add_unit_test	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_unit_test
add_views	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def add_views
b	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def b
boot!	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def boot!
booted?	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def booted?
c	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def c
clean_load_path	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def clean_load_path
comment	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/feedback.rb	  attr_accessor :subject, :email, :comment    
configure_gem_path_and_home	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  def self.configure_gem_path_and_home
create	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/feedbacks_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/password_resets_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create_comment	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/feedback_test.rb	  def create_comment
create_feedback	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/feedbacks_controller_test.rb	  def create_feedback
cripple_rubygems	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def cripple_rubygems
current_user	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def current_user
current_user_session	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def current_user_session
d	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def d
decrypt_identity	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	    def decrypt_identity
default_gemfile	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def default_gemfile
deliver_password_reset_instructions!	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/user.rb	  def deliver_password_reset_instructions!
destroy	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100313080135_create_accounts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100327080857_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100406202620_create_identities.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100407210845_drop_account.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100412212238_add_test_sentence_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100418125744_remove_test_sentence_from_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100530065851_add_perishable_token_to_users.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/password_resets_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
email	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/feedback.rb	  attr_accessor :subject, :email, :comment    
encrypt_identity	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	    def encrypt_identity
ensure_proper_protocol	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	    def ensure_proper_protocol
env_file	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def env_file
feedback	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/notifier.rb	 def feedback
feedback_form	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/feedbacks_helper.rb	  def feedback_form
feedback_includes	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/feedbacks_helper.rb	  def feedback_includes
feedback_init	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/feedbacks_helper.rb	  def feedback_init
feedback_link	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/feedbacks_helper.rb	  def feedback_link
feedback_tab	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/helpers/feedbacks_helper.rb	  def feedback_tab
find_gemfile	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def find_gemfile
from_gemspec	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def self.from_gemspec
full_gem_path	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def full_gem_path
gem	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	        def gem
gem	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	        undef gem
gem_loaded	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    attr_accessor :gem_loaded
gem_version	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	      def gem_version
hash_secretkey	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	    def hash_secretkey
hash_secretkey	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/user.rb	    def hash_secretkey
in_bundle?	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def in_bundle?
included	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	  def self.included
index	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/feedback.rb	  def initialize
initialize	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def initialize
load_initializer	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def load_initializer
load_initializer	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def load_initializer
load_rails_gem	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def load_rails_gem
load_rubygems	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	      def load_rubygems
load_user_using_perishable_token	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/password_resets_controller.rb	  def load_user_using_perishable_token
loaded_from	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def loaded_from
manifest	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  def manifest
match_fingerprint	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  def self.match_fingerprint
name	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/feedback_form_generator.rb	  attr_accessor :name, 
new	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/password_resets_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
parse_gem_version	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	      def parse_gem_version
password_reset_instructions	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/notifier.rb	 def password_reset_instructions
pick_boot	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def pick_boot
preinitialize	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def preinitialize
preinitializer_path	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def preinitializer_path
read_environment_rb	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	        def read_environment_rb
redirect_back_or_default	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def redirect_back_or_default
relative_loaded_from	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    attr_accessor :relative_loaded_from
require	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  def self.require
require_no_user	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def require_no_user
require_user	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def require_user
requirement	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	      def requirement
reverse_rubygems_kernel_mixin	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	    def reverse_rubygems_kernel_mixin
route_name	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/lib/insert_routes.rb	  def route_name
route_name	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/lib/insert_routes.rb	  def route_name
route_name	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/feedback/generators/feedback_form/lib/insert_routes.rb	  def route_name
rubygems_version	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	      def rubygems_version
run	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def run
set_flash	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def set_flash
setup	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/.bundle/environment.rb	  def self.setup
setup	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/feedbacks_controller_test.rb	  def setup
setup	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def setup
ssl_allowed	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	    def ssl_allowed
ssl_allowed?	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	    def ssl_allowed?
ssl_required	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	    def ssl_required
ssl_required?	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/lib/ssl_requirement.rb	    def ssl_required?
store_location	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def store_location
subject	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/feedback.rb	  attr_accessor :subject, :email, :comment    
test_allowed_with_ssl	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_allowed_with_ssl
test_allowed_without_ssl	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_allowed_without_ssl
test_create_invalid	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/user_sessions_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_invalid	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_valid	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/user_sessions_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_create_valid	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_destroy	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/user_sessions_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_disallowed_with_ssl	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_disallowed_with_ssl
test_disallowed_without_ssl	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_disallowed_without_ssl
test_edit	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_homepage	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
test_new	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/user_sessions_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_new	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_not_redirecting_to_http_does_not_preserve_the_flash	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_not_redirecting_to_http_does_not_preserve_the_flash
test_not_redirecting_to_https_does_not_preserve_the_flash	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_not_redirecting_to_https_does_not_preserve_the_flash
test_redirect_to_http_preserves_flash	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_redirect_to_http_preserves_flash
test_redirect_to_https_preserves_flash	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_redirect_to_https_preserves_flash
test_required_with_ssl	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_required_with_ssl
test_required_without_ssl	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/vendor/plugins/ssl_requirement/test/ssl_requirement_test.rb	  def test_required_without_ssl
test_should_be_valid	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/feedback_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_be_valid	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/user_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_have_minimal_feedback_form	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/feedbacks_controller_test.rb	  def test_should_have_minimal_feedback_form
test_should_post_create	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/feedbacks_controller_test.rb	  def test_should_post_create
test_should_require_comment	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/unit/feedback_test.rb	  def test_should_require_comment
test_should_set_error_message_when_not_valid	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/feedbacks_controller_test.rb	  def test_should_set_error_message_when_not_valid
test_update_invalid	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_valid	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
up	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100313080135_create_accounts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100327080857_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100406202620_create_identities.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100407210845_drop_account.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100412212238_add_test_sentence_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100418125744_remove_test_sentence_from_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/db/migrate/20100530065851_add_perishable_token_to_users.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/identities_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/password_resets_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
valid?	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/app/models/feedback.rb	  def valid?
vendor_rails?	/home/julien/Code/INCUBATEUR/vauban/config/boot.rb	    def vendor_rails?
